when sources videos she is she's very
negative very demanding she pretty much
embodies the stereotypical like militant
elitist vegan yes we do have problems
with rage and hatred and violence and
veganism but it ain't her it ain't
Sorcha unnatural vegans wants to sit
there in her video and she starts out
the video saying that she believes that
source merova comes off as a militant
vegan a social raava militant vegan
folks social moraga with her yoga pants
video that plays every single time you
go to her page you see a militant vegan
folks as she says in the video if you
don't have a core message that's making
a positive impact on the planet what the
[ __ ] are you doing you know it's within
PewDiePie's prerogative as someone who
doesn't care for veganism you really
doesn't care about the whole thing you
know to say something like that to call
Sorcha merova call a cult member to make
her out to be this extremist and why are
we okay with that why do we not respond
to that on some level can you connect
with that feeling of sorcerer Marathas
now having someone pick out a piece of
your work that you made a year ago and
then having the entire vegan community
come down in you and Colleen you
militant saying that the way that you go
about everything that you do is wrong
and bad why are you calling sorcerer
merova a militant what does it mean when
vegans jump at the chance to denounce
one another as militant vegans and in
this case there's really no excuse for
it I think it's dangerous if vegans are
unaware of what the problems of
militancy really are I think the
militancy within veganism it has cast a
dark shadow over animal rights ecology
etc it has created a terrible name for
us in the press in mainstream newspapers
is a huge problem but if you think that
problem is represented by sourcing raava
making cute provocative funny videos on
YouTube videos that are not to my taste
because I am NOT the audience for them I
don't enjoy them I don't find them funny
but that's irrelevant it's completely
irrelevant why did vegans respond to
this latest controversy by jumping at
the chance to show how morally superior
they supposedly are at a Sorcha on the
grounds that one she's a militant vegan
and militancy is bad right you're
automatically dismissed in disproven and
two because of their ideas about
effective activism something totally
spurious to Sorcha totally spurious to
her dispute with a video game
personality with a particular particular
controversy of the day I really am
apprehensive about this because I think
most of you I think many of my fellow
vegans have lost any sense of what
militancy really means of what the
problems really are and the problem is
not an aspiring actress in yoga pants
making provocative and somewhat silly
videos exaggerating her accent basically
putting on what I would call a fictional
character like all comedians she works
the material she's got she's obviously
drawing on a sort of valley girl
subculture that she knows very well but
I remain astounded by the combination of
cynicism self-righteousness and
stupidity of anyone anyone who reacted
that video by denouncing Sorcha as a
militant vegan activist who was
discrediting veganism let's talk about a
real militant activist who cast a huge
shadow who's still discredited vegan
dismantle rising called you to this day
Barry horn Barry horn you may have never
heard the name before especially if
you're American but I guarantee at a
minimum all of Europe all of Europe the
image of animal rights activism has been
tainted and will continue to be tainted
for decades by the legacy of Barry horn
the fact that he didn't make his own
name so famous doesn't mean that the
reputation hereand
hasn't had tremendous knock-on effect
Barry weren't died in prison he wasn't
killed he committed suicide through a
hunger strike he starved himself
repeatedly until one day he died why was
he in prison he was given an 18-year
sentence for planting bombs for putting
incendiary devices in shops that sold
fur and leather coats
you
you want to talk about militants you
want to talk about angry vegans being a
problem discrediting us you're not
talking about social merova now talking
about freely not any of this [ __ ]
let's talk about the real issues let's
all do a little bit of reading let's get
a little bit educated about what's going
on the recent past what's going on right
now I mean the videos on my channel why
do I warn so sternly against the pro
violence message that someone like Gary
Yourofsky delivers that's really
dangerous in a way that freely isn't in
a way that Sorcha merova isn't okay if
you want to talk about vegans
discrediting the cause talking about
guys like Barry horn okay what did what
did Barry horn do with his life Barry
horn first came to public attention in
1988 when he tried to rescue rocky a
bottlenose dolphin from a small concrete
pool at Marineland in Lancashire England
the Wikipedia article I'm quoting from
goes on to describe that he and his
friends actually repeatedly broke into
this marine land to this the swimming
pool where this dolphin was held to try
to become friends with the dolphin
because they thought the dolphin if it
knew them and recognizes the felt
comfortable around them that they would
be more compliant when they tried to
extricate it from its circumstances to
rescue it and release it back to the sea
so Barry horn and four other activists
plan to move rocky who waits 650 pounds
from the pool to the ocean using a
ladder and net homemade stretcher in a
rented mini Metro horn was wouldna one
of a number of protesters who attacked
an animal research conference at Exeter
College Oxford academic conference on
ammo research they overturned tables and
smashed 50 bottles of vintage claret
after fighting with police to interpret
the conference hall
horn and five others were charged with
violent disorder sounds cute so far
right you see what happens though it's a
downward spiral people as soon as you
give up on democratic process as soon as
you give up on public education on what
I would consider legitimate activism
soon as you give up on might as well is
coming soon as you give up on my
definition of legitimate activism which
has been discussed as so many hours on
this channel if you haven't seen it all
right use your imagination I don't think
I need to summarize something I've
devoted so much time to discussing with
you guys already as soon as you give up
on that as soon as you get on that path
of violent activism know where the path
starts but you don't know where it's
going to end up for this guy ended up
with the 18 year jail sentence and death
alone in a Cell in 1991 horn was
sentenced to three years in prison for
possession of explosive substances after
his release in 1994 a number of
nighttime firebombs attacks using
homemade incendiary devices took place
over the next two years in England
police kept him under surveillance and
he was arrested in July 1996 and charged
with planting to incendiary devices in
the broadmead shopping center in Bristol
when it appeared that horn might die the
animal rights militia a RM issued a
statement through the animal liberation
press office threatening to assassinate
for named individuals and sixth unnamed
individuals if Barry horn should die if
you should die in prison due to his own
suicide due to his own hunger strikes
the name targets were I'm not going to
read them all out the name targets were
for example Colin Blakemore a british
scientist who studies vision clive page
of King's College London a professor of
pulmonary pharmacology and chair of the
animal science group of the British
Biosciences Federation
this is threatening to murder scientists
he embarked on his final hunger strike
on 21st october two thousand one and he
died fifteen days later of liver failure
he had signed the directive refusing
medical treatment and is regarded by
psychiatrists as being of sound mind so
they considered him to be not insane so
they chose to respect his decision to to
commit suicide through this incredibly
slow and painful method the hostile
media response continued after his death
journalist Kevin tulus wrote in The
Guardian at that time in life he wasn't
nobody a failed dustman turned fire
bomber but in death Barry horn will rise
up as the first true martyr of the most
successful terrorist group Britain has
ever known the animal rights movement
this is the stuff that has repercussions
for us now this is the stuff that has
formed the public perception of what the
crazy militant animal rights vegan
ecologists supporter is okay you may not
know Barry horns name but I guarantee to
you you know the vast majority of people
who read the newspaper articles
following this guy's adventures and his
eventual high-profile hunger strike in
prison his death his terrorist
activities to be blunt okay the vast
majority people who read those stories
in the newspaper wouldn't remember the
name Barry horn what they would REM
remember is this is what animal rights
extremism is this is what animal rights
activism is this is who these people are
this is why you don't want to let your
own children if they're at college get
involved with any of these crazy groups
this blackens the name of veganism very
serious way again without Barry horn
making his own name famous he's made all
of us infamous any of you guys who lined
up to take your shot to show how
self-righteous you are by insulting
Sorcha merova as a militant vegan shame
on you let's deal with the real problems
of militancy with
veganism